Website Terms and Conditions of Use

1. Terms



By accessing this Website, accessible from http://card-world.metalabs.gg/, you are agreeing to be bound by these Website Terms and Conditions of Use and agree that you are responsible for the agreement with any applicable local laws. If you disagree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from accessing this site. The materials contained in this Website are protected by copyright and trade mark law.



2. Use License

Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials on Card World LLC's Website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:

    modify or copy the materials;

    use the materials for any commercial purpose or for any public display;

    attempt to reverse engineer any software contained on Card World LLC's Website;

    remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or

    transferring the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.

This will let Card World LLC to terminate upon violations of any of these restrictions. Upon termination, your viewing right will also be terminated and you should destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether it is printed or electronic format. 

3. Disclaimer

All the materials on Card World LLC’s Website are provided "as is". Card World LLC makes no warranties, may it be expressed or implied, therefore negates all other warranties. Furthermore, Card World LLC does not make any representations concerning the accuracy or reliability of the use of the materials on its Website or otherwise relating to such materials or any sites linked to this Website.

4. Limitations

Card World LLC or its suppliers will not be hold accountable for any damages that will arise with the use or inability to use the materials on Card World LLC’s Website, even if Card World LLC or an authorize representative of this Website has been notified, orally or written, of the possibility of such damage. Some jurisdiction does not allow limitations on implied warranties or limitations of liability for incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.

5. Revisions and Errata

The materials appearing on Card World LLC’s Website may include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Card World LLC will not promise that any of the materials in this Website are accurate, complete, or current. Card World LLC may change the materials contained on its Website at any time without notice. Card World LLC does not make any commitment to update the materials.

6. Links

Card World LLC has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The presence of any link does not imply endorsement by Card World LLC of the site. The use of any linked website is at the user’s own risk.



7. Site Terms of Use Modifications

Card World LLC may revise these Terms of Use for its Website at any time without prior notice. By using this Website, you are agreeing to be bound by the current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.



8. Your Privacy

Please read our Privacy Policy.


9. Governing Law


10. Cancelation Policy

All sales are final and once digital services are purchased, all services considered are non-refundable, including no refunds. By entering your payment info and purchasing access to our digital services, you are agreeing to our terms of service and cancelation policy. Card World LLC staff reserves the right to terminate or cancel a member's subscription at any time during the user's subscription period base on staff's discretion. Card World LLC reserves the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason. Failure to comply with Card World LLC's terms of service could lead to automatic membership cancellation and could forfeit your access to Card World's digital services. Notice of cancelation must be given to uncommon#3777 AKA "Summs" by opening a ticket in the server and must be done before 3 days of the subscription's renewal date. If the subscription renewal date is on the 15th of the month, the member must open a ticket to end the subscription by the 11th in order for the subscription to not renew for the upcoming billing cycle. There are no exceptions to this rule. If a member has any questions about possibly canceling their membership subscription they can reach out to staff directly by opening a support ticket at the top of the server. 
